fix empty status and block on scheduler startup/init-sync (#761)
cylc/cylc-uiserver: changes.d/761.fix.md

> Fixed a bug causing empty status and data-store initiation delay on scheduler startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug causing "unknown" status and delay to data appearing on workflow startup.
```
